Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-csci124-applied-programming-assignment-1
<br>
Basic revision on developing programs via functional decompositionOn completion of the assignment, you should know how to:• Design a program by decomposing the problem into smaller functional units• Implement a program in stages• Produce a C++ database program for maintaining recordsREQUIREMENTSIn this task, you are going to develop a database program to store information related to the students of a university. Information to be stored related to a studentEach student record in the database contains the following information.Nameat most 30 char (cannot contain the newline character, can contain anything else but not NULL)IDa unique identifier a positive integer of 7 digits (cannot be NULL)Course4 digit course code, a space, then at most 80 chare.g. 1612 Master of Computer Studies (cannot be NULL)List of Subjectseach subject consists of the following information:1. year (4 digits)2. session (one char A/S for autumn/ spring)3. code (7 characters)4. credit (2 digits, i.e., if the credit point is 6, it will be represented a 06)5. Mark (0 to 100 or e or w)e enrolled, w means withdrawYou may assume each student can be associated with at most 30 subjectsGPAthe system should be able to calculate the GPA automatically based on credit and mark of the subject list of the studentGPA is defined as:Sum of {credit of all subjects multiplied by their scores} divided by Sum of {credits of all subjects}All subjects here means subjects that is not of the status e and w.A sample data file (a plain text file) is given below to illustrate the format.The ###START### and ###END### are used to mark the starting and ending of the file, while ###RECORD### is used to illustrate the starting of a new record.Your database program supports the following commands (the should be shown in the first level menu)Main MenuShowing the current number of recordsqQuit the programiimport data from text file// the function asks for a file name and import all records from the file// IF record with duplicated ID exists, your program should display the information of both records and ask the user to choose oneeexport data to text file// the function asks for a file name and output all records to this file// IF the file already exists, your program should ask if the user would like to overwrite the file or cancelsDisplay the search menu. Details of the search menu are described below.You can assume the maximum size of your database is 1000. The import function will take in the maximum allowable records, return to the main menu and display the number of imported records.Search MenuThe following commands are supported in the search menuShowing the current number of recordsrreturn to main menunName search (case insensitive)the function asks for a name (support one single wild card *) * means everything, e.g. *n means any name that ends with the letter n and that A*n means any name that starts with A and ends with nsSubject Search (case sensitive)###START### ###RECORD### John Ng 1234567 1612 Master of Computer Studies 2012SCSCI12406w 2013ACSCI1240644 2013SCSCI1240699 ###RECORD### Alice Peterson 2412347 790 Bachelor of Engineering – Bachelor of Computer Science 2013ACSCI2050670 ###END###return a list of students taking the subject matching the search criteriapromote the user for year, session and codefor each input, the user can use the wild card *gSearch by GPA, the input format is a symbol &lt;, &gt; or = followed by a floating point number.for =, any result within 1 point of the specified GPA is considered a matchThat is, if the user want to search for students with GPA = 5.5, it will display all students whose GPA is from 4.5 to 6.5 (inclusive)NOTESFor command n, s and g, if the search do not return any record, your program should display “no record found” and stay in the search menu. Otherwise, your program should show the display menu described below.Display MenuThe following commands are supported in the search menuDisplay the current record and the total number of records satisfying the search criteriar return to main menusreturn to search menun Go to the next record (this option is available only when the next record exists)p Go to the previous record (this option is available only when the previous record exists)e Edit the current record.Upon completion, it shows the old and edited record and ask the user for confirmation.After that, it returns to the search menu.For all options, if the user just press enter, it means keeping the existing value.If the newly entered ID is not unique, it gives an error and ask the user to re-enter the value.d Delete the current record.Ask the user to confirm the deletion. If confirmed, it deletes the record and return to the main menu.All commands are case sensitive. If the user enters an invalid input, your system should prompt the user to re-enter. You can assume the user will never enter anything longer than 100 characters.GUIDELINESDo not alter the menu options or input data requirements as they will be used to test your program. Comment your code appropriately.Implement your program in stages. In the first stage, think of an appropriate menu structure. Next, implement the read file function. In order to test the read function, you may write another “display” function which simply displays all records in memory.Do not hesitate to ask your lecturer or lab tutor if you are unsure of anything or encounter any difficulties. (Remember it is typically the software developer’s responsibility to clarify the requirements of the software with the client.)Important: YOU MUST SUBMIT A MAKE FILE that compiles your code on Banshee. Your code should compile without any warnings.To show all the warnings, you should compile with the -Wall option.SUBMISSIONSubmit your program (and Makefile, if any) via the submit command.submit –u userid –c CSCI124 –a ass1 filenamesPlease make sure you receive the submission receipt after submitting your files.Remember that you have to put the following information on the header of each source file you will be submitting in this assignment:• Student name• Student number• LabAn extension of time for the completion of the assignment may be granted in certain circumstances. A request for an extension must be made to the Subject Coordinator before the due date. Supporting documentation must accompany the request for extension. Late assignments without granted extension will be marked but the mark awarded will be reduced by 1 mark for each day late. Assignments more than 3 days late will not be accepted.ASSIGNMENT 2 PREVIEWTo remind you the importance of program design and modular programming, assignment 2 will be based on assignment 1. The following are a preview of the additional functionalities required in assignment 2.Additional Requirements (all in the main menu) in Assignment 2IImport from a binary file. The format of a binary file is under your decision.EExport to a binary file. The format of the binary file is under your decision. The only requirement is that it has to be compatible with the Import from a binary file function.VValidate records. Check for any mismatch between subject code and subject for subjects in the same year at the same session. Display the conflicting records and ask the user to choose one of the two options:– ignore– all records to one of these conflicting namesOOptions. Choose the order of display. Sort key includes:Name (alphabetical order), ID, Course Code, Course Name, GPA together with the priority.(E.g., sort by name, if same name, then sort by ID OR sort by Course Code, if same course code, sort by GPA.)I.e., priority for each criteria, and the method which include ascending and descending/Records should always be displayed according to the option.Default option is sort by ID (since ID is unique, the other does not matter…)